1971. Find if Path Exists in Graph     A (40 min)

       I was doing mistake in many places like in recursion 
checking base condition incorrectly and not using visited array
as it was my first problem in graph so it was fine 
       Also did with BFS approach which was very simple make sure to use visited array 

  
841. Keys and Rooms    A(38 min)   

        was stuck only in this part where we have to check whether the visited array contains
        false or not .

        if (find(visited.begin(), visited.end(), false) == visited.end())
            return true;


547. Number of Provinces     A+(30 min)

        This was similar as every problem till now
        in BFS also we will use an outer loop and inside it we will have while loop


2685. Count the Number of Complete Components    A+( 60 min)

        In this prolblem we will create an adj list and also a visited array
        an outer for loop which will visit every node after checking visited node 
        dfs would be call if node is false 
        dfs will all possible visited nodes 
        and then it will check(A connected component is said to be complete if 
        there exists an edge between every pair of its vertices.)

        I did in 2 way:- 1st was to check each node with every other node 
                         2nd was bit complex and I didnt knew that 
        
        2nd way:-
        This was the challenging part when in optimal approach it directly 
                long long actual_edges = edges_count / 2;
                if (actual_edges == (nodes_count * (nodes_count - 1)) / 2) {
                    complete_count++;
                }


2360. Longest Cycle in a Graph              B
       ----> WATCH VIDEO FOR THIS 
       read the question carefully many hints are already given in the problem and which will 
       make the problem easy.


909. Snakes and Ladders                     B
       ----> WATCH VIDEO FOR THIS
       classic example of finding the shortest path in an unweighted graph

       Your intuition about DP is not wrong! BFS and DP are closely related. 
       You can think of BFS as a specific type of DP applied to graphs.

       The visited array or a distance map used in a typical BFS 
       solution serves the same purpose as a DP memoization table.

       ## The Problems with a Pure Recursive (DFS) Approach  1. Extreme Inefficiency 😟    2. Risk of Infinite Loops 🔄

       BFS avoids deep recursion and is specifically designed to find the
        shortest path from a starting point, which is exactly what the question asks for.


       **they use visited array becoz if we vist any square later which can be visited earlier then it is generally taking more 
       steps so it is better to not count that possiblilty

752. Open the Lock                         A
       
      It is similar as the above problem 
      classic example of finding the shortest path in an unweighted graph
      I forgot to add visited array 
      string conversion is a challeng here 


      For each combination, it generates all 8 neighbors by turning each of the 4 wheels up and down by one slot.
      It uses sets to instantly check for and ignore any combinations that are deadends or have already been visited.
      The search continues until the target is found, returning the number of steps taken, or -1 if it's impossible.


127. Word Ladder                           A+(60 min)
             This problem is a classic example of finding the shortest path in a graph
              one character away
              comparing character by character to find all valid "neighbors" that differ by a single letter.
              It uses a queue to explore words level by level and a map to track visited words to avoid cycles

3015. Count the Number of Houses at a Certain Distance I                   B
              ------>WATCH VIDEO
              we can think of Floyd Wrshall , BFS and Dijikstra
              For many problems, a simple brute-force approach with nested loops is a perfectly valid and 
              efficient solution, especially when constraints are small.

1162. As Far from Land as Possible                                 B
INTUITION:-The core thought process for solving this grid problem efficiently is recognizing it as a shortest path
        problem on an unweighted graph, which immediately suggests using Breadth-First Search (BFS). We reverse the perspective and employ a 
        Multi-Source BFS. This means initializing the queue with all land cells simultaneously, allowing the search
        wae to expand outwards into the water. Since BFS calculates the shortest path layer by layer, the number of layers traversed
        is the shortest distance (Manhattan distance) to the nearest land. We track the number of layers (or BFS iterations) completed,
        and the last layer reached represents the farthest water cell

ALGORITHM:- Queue Land Cells: Initialize the queue with all land cells (1s); if the grid is all land or all water, return -1.
            BFS Layers: Use a while loop to process the queue layer by layer, tracking the distance with an initial value of text{distance} = -1.
            Expand to Water: For each cell, check the four unvisited neighbors (water/0s); mark them as visited and enqueue them.
            Return Max Distance: After processing all cells at the current layer, increment the distance; the final value of $\text{distance}$ is the result.


2059. Minimum Operations to Convert Number                             A+(30 min){forgot about visited array(very imp part)}
INTUITION:-The problem is a shortest path query on an implicit graph where nodes are numbers (0 to 1000) and edges are the allowed 
           operations. We use Breadth-First Search (BFS) because it guarantees finding the minimum number of operations (shortest path) 
           to transform start into goal. To prevent cycles and a Memory Limit Exceeded error, we must use a visited set to ensure each 
           valid intermediate number is processed only once, controlling the search space.

ALGORITHM:-Initialize: Add start to a queue and a visited set; set operation = 1.
       BFS Layers: Loop while the queue is not empty, tracking distance by incrementing operation after processing a full layer.
       Explore States: For each number popped, calculate the three new states (+, -, ^) using every number in nums.
       Validate & Enqueue: If a new state is the goal (return operation), or if it is within the 0 to 1000 range and unvisited, push it to the queue and add it to the visited set.
       Return: If the queue empties without reaching goal, return -1.

2492. Minimum Score of a Path Between Two Cities                        
INTUITION:-(DFS)The task simplifies to: "Find the minimum edge weight in the component containing city 1." DFS is a natural choice to 
       explore this component. We build an adjacency list to represent the graph's bidirectional, weighted edges. We then start the 
       traversal from city 1, using a visited array only to prevent the algorithm from getting stuck in infinite loops. As the DFS 
       explores, we use a global min_score variable (initialized to infinity) and update it with min(min_score, current_edge_distance) 
       for every single edge we traverse. After the DFS completes, this variable will hold the minimum edge weight found anywhere in the 
       component, which is the final answer.

       YOU JUST HAVE TO TRAVERSE WHOLE GRAPH(USING BFS OR DFS) AND MARK THE MINIMUM Distance 